feat: Initial implementation (#1)
autotelic/fastify-webhooks: examples/basic/README.md

# Basic Example

This example show an integration with Github repository webhooks.

## Prerequisites

- Install [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/)

> - Generate a github personal access token with scopes: ``

Reviewer: should there be scopes here?

> - A github repository that you may create webhooks on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A github repository that you have permissions to create webhooks on.
```

## Running

- Start an ngrok tunnel to expose your server on port 3000
  - `ngrok http :3000`
- Set the following environment variables:
  ```
  PORT=3000
  GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=<YOUR PAT WITH REPOSITORY WEBHOOK SCOPES>
  GITHUB_USERNAME=<USERNAME>
  GITHUB_REPO_NAME=<REPO NAME>
  NGROK_HOST=<NGROK TUNNEL HOST>
  ```
- start the fastify server: `node index.js`

> - create a webhook by making a POST request to /create-github-webhook

Reviewer: I would say rather than have an endpoint in the example for creating the webhook, I would direct the user of the example to create a webhook themselves in github e.g. through the GUI (https://docs.github.com/en/developers/webhooks-and-events/webhooks/creating-webhooks#setting-up-a-webhook). My rationale is that it is clearer then what this module does and doesn't do (e.g. it isn't a module for creating webhooks on github). It also makes the example code itself simpler & clearer to see what is going on.
